[Autogenerated] in this clip will look at pinning maps to the START menu.
In a previous clip, we looked at the elapse menu,
which presents us with that comprehensive list of
everything installed on your device.
Using this list, you can always find the applications you need.
However,
some applications used more often really should be pinned to
your start menu to make it easier to find them.
Let's use the Windows text editing application WordPad as an example.
If you watch the previous clip,
you might recall that this application is buried in a folder,
and it would be pretty tedious to hunt for it every time we
needed to create a letter or work on a text document opinion
application to your start menu.
It's a pretty straightforward process.
First, we locate the APP in the all its menu.
Now I right click the application.
I can actually select pin to start,
but when you're in desktop mode and you can see both
the all APS list in the start menu,
there's an even faster way you can actually simply
select and then drag and drop.
The application to create a new tile knows that the icon changes to a tile.
Once it's over,
the main start menu applications already pin will move around to create a
space until you decide where you want to drop the new tile.
Many ups are designed to actually display live tile information,
and you'll only see this if they're pinned to start.
Applications have been pinned to start will still
appear in your elapse list menu,
so don't worry that you're making any changes to that comprehensive list.
Pinning maps to the start menu is easy as you've seen,
but I encourage you toe on Li Pin APS.
To start that you really use as the start menu can also become cluttered.
I've seen some start menus that start to look like the all APS list.
It can really become a chore to locate an app you need
when there's just too many pin APS,
this roll through and other clips will look a TTE.
Other tools you can use to keep your start menu organized Now.
It's also good to know that applications can be unplanned
because Windows 10 includes many pre penned APS.
It's worth taking the time to clean up your start menu to make it
truly your own right click on the tile for an application you do
not want to see in your start menu.
The first option you'll see is toe un pin from start.
It's that easy.
Unfortunately,
there's not a way to quickly select multiple APS
and then UNP in them all months.
Maybe we'll see that ability in the future.
In this clip, we looked at pinning maps to the start menu. Thanks for watching had looked forward to see new in the next clip.